hello everyone this is a rather video
fast concerning my collection of
mark lipsticks then I'm leaving right away
all from the permanent collection
except one that is related to rihanna
and then I'll show you these lipsticks that
you see these data occupied so net
because I have a palette that has a book
which contains type that has 21 stations
workstations and that allows me to
keep many pieces of lipstick
how many workstations for which
opening up to having a glance of
all the colors I have more or less distant
many more though as if I need to
I had a particular color
the special inspiration look here
live and it has given me so much since
first it was my love very much
long ago and and costs chic is this 4 the
the rest done those plays in this
costa chic is still very pink
turned on with a beautiful summer with
the tan
now I start with the miur and then reds
end intense red then news
the famous and shayk is this excuse the
my hideous enamel market anyway bay
that of means
then this is shayk beautiful news
of the consistency that came out so much
creamy
to follow repici that is always a youth
on the tone a little more orange and this is it
very nice too , summer is
beautiful colors even without one
morning are really very beautiful
beautiful sexy cain is a rose the more you are
of the matt series that you can see
why
not at all polished and if it could be
one of that series my lips get color is
rather neutral that can be used
good health the lips every day for
perfect your own color
to follow or mine but never the former bad bad
which is what the first team discovered and
the last purchase is called fast play ed
is from the amplified series collection
therefore very very pigmented and from one
long duration I must say really is
so pigmented that I don't pass it
by sentence but also present networks are
all the lips but the block and then the
I like the emblem with the companies
the other one I told you is the only one in
limited edition but I think it is
etc is alive with glam is called cindy
we will see a last transparent I avoid
it's not like you move me much about colors
rosé however sometimes beautiful is that this
ok
let us pass on my passions to the reds
then a beautiful Russian that I still have
are my favorites is this summer
just shot on what is another matt ed
it is a beautiful orange red, but off
in the summer that beautiful with the frame
certainly nice then we increase a little
the warmth of red this is the
very famous ruby sporting side
this too and matt does after a little more than
fatigue flows for this very ruby
nice real but i always have mine
problems
peel ok and then we have the other
very famous that it was another jean brand
red famous and he's crazy and
if you can see it is a place a bit
deeper a little more blood it is
the last one that was a passion
fabulous is called oar and of the series
stasis and is a very dark is one of those
colors
berna nino this color is beautiful
that in transit of Bologna is ok
beautiful in my opinion because you can
just just apply
very light and leaves a color
as if he had just bitten a blackberry
or intensely applied comes
this color here with a gloss from above
in short, an intensity will not be passed
certainly unnoticed and the beautiful thing
is that when he goes away for example later
a dinner leaves a stain on stage that
is called
which is pleasant in the sense that it seems
just maybe we are just a few
lips for a while we have a little lips
crusades but not one of those spots
all appeal to unpleasant patches no
absolutely beautiful, in fact I'll tell you more
that stain covered with a gloss from
a really very nice result
starting from the beginning we have cost
Shiite sheikh shane raina sexy ship e
fas play back up we have live glam
cindy socio rubiu pression red and rebel
this is my lipstick collection
max I hope I liked it or there was
useful to buy yours and famous
street a